Deprecate Recorded Future v1 (#12575)
demisto/content: Packs/Recorded_Future/Integrations/Recorded_Future/README.md

<!-- HTML_DOC -->
<div class="cl-preview-section">

> <p>Deprecated. Use Recorded Future v2 instead.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>Deprecated. Use Recorded Future v2 from <pack name> pack instead.</p>
```

</div>
<div class="cl-preview-section">
<h3 id="get-information-for-a-url">4. Get information for a URL</h3>
<p>This command is deprecated.</p>
<p>Use `recordedfuture-intelligence` command from Recorded Future v2 with the following argument `entity_type=url` and `entity=url_value`.</p>

> <p>You can find context differences in <a href="https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/recorded-future-v2#recordedfuture-intelligence">here</a>. Notice that we are no longer support community notes field.</p>

Reviewer: Maybe change to this?
```suggestion
<p>You can find context differences in <a href="https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/recorded-future-v2#recordedfuture-intelligence">here</a>. Notice that 'community notes' output is no longer supprted.</p>
```

</div>
<div class="cl-preview-section">
<h3 id="get-a-list-of-alerts">22. Get a list of alerts</h3>
<p>This command is deprecated.</p>
<p>Use `recordedfuture-alerts` command from Recorded Future v2 instead.</p>

> <p>You can find context differences in <a href="https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/recorded-future-v2#recordedfuture-alerts">here</a>.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<p>You can find context differences <a href="https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/recorded-future-v2#recordedfuture-alerts">here</a>.</p>
```
Remove the `in` for the others as well.
